# America: unjust, unforgiving, and complacent

StoryCorps <em>Fred Davie and Robert Sanchez</em> tells the story of Fred Davie and Robert Sanchez, two of the many victims let down by the United States systems of law enforcement. The purpose of contemporary incarceration goes beyond punishment- the existence of systems lies in the rehabilitation of peoples by guiding offenders to a path of legal safety and security. But what happens when these systems root from places of oppression and segregation? When they come together to disproportionately target people of colour? Or when they no longer provide the support needed to support offenders, through and after their sentence?

Robert Sanchez served 15 years in state prison for a nonviolent drug offence. Today, through social work, Sanchez helps people like Fred Davie find the necessary support to stay on the right path when returning to the "outside world." Their mentor bond is one of family, where the two can rely on one another for support. But when reading their stories, we must ask: what happens if a person doesn't have their own Robert Sanchez... When family and friends cannot be found like in Davie's situation? For people of colour like Sanchez and Davie, the struggle for support and fair treatment starts far before their arrest, and is found in the history of establishments tasked with keeping what they deem <em>order</em>. Through a historical analysis, this paper will highlest the racialized history of the United State's law enforcement frameworks, in order to establish the rality of an unjust system that works not to keep the United States safe, but to help those in power enact their political agendas. Statistics of racialized incarceration in combination with the presentation of a pattern of victimization will show vieweers that stories like Fred and Roberts is not unique, and despite being acknlowedged by the government as harmful, continue to persist.
